Your Majesty, what the king said is
Our country's warrior martial arts is the first in Japan
Not even the best swordsman in our country can defeat him
The party princess must not have won him
Those sword masters are trash
Can't you represent my royal sister?
I feel that my eldest sister will win
If you ministers don't believe it
Hide behind and watch
Where did all this nonsense come from?
Flowers
If we don't win the second round
We lost the third round.
Why don't I handle them for you in this game?
It won't happen.
You just need to protect our family
And before you
The second round of competition technology
The one who blows the sword in the opponent's hand first wins
But stop there.
Do not harm lives
No card
It's better than, it's better than, it's more exciting
You can't hurt people in the competition arena
What kind of competition is that?
You have a point.
Then this competition will be changed to a life-and-death competition
The dead fall to the ground
How does the living strategist win?